Streams
It is of same level of importance as Lambda expression in Jdk 1.8 version.

Java.io.streams is used for a sequence of characters which can be used for IO(file etc) but 1.8 version
stream is totally different from input and output writting.

This is related to collections object.

Collection is a group of objects as a single entity.When you want to process objects from the collections 
then you can go for Streams.

Eg if you have a collection of students and you need to find all the students who have marks greater than 80.

Filter is used on collections to filter some data whereas Map is used to do some operation on the collections.

Stream is the method called on the collection object. Then you get the stream object.
Stream method is present inside the collection interface as a default method
Stream is an interface present in java.util.stream package introduced in java 1.8. Purpose is to process obejcts from the collection.

Processing contains two steps
1)Configuration 
2)Processing

This confugration can be done in two ways.
1)Filter mechanism
  Filter is used when number of  objects are lesser than the orignal object.We want to filter based on some boolean condition
  public Stream filter(Predicate<T>) 
2)Map mechanism
	When we need to create a new collection where the new object has equal number of objects as the orignal collection.
	This is based on a function/operation.
	public stream map(Function<F,R>)
	
	
1)Collect Method 
This method collects obejcts from the stream and adds to the new collection.

2)Count Method.
It is used to calculate length of the stream after filter / processing.


3)Sorting using Streams
It is done using sorted method()
Sort elements of stream based on default sorting order or customized order.

4)Min and Max method.

5)forEach()
It will take a lambda expression and apply the lambda expression on each object and will not return anything

6)toArray()
We can use this method to copy objects from stream into an array.


Streams can be used for a group of values and even for arrays. It can be used for any group of values (not only collections).
We can get Stream using Stream.Of method.
Stream<Integer> s = Stream.Of(9,99,999).